Add details about keyed services (#39260)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/dependency-injection-guidelines.md

The built-in service container is designed to serve the needs of the framework and most consumer apps. We recommend using the built-in container unless you need a specific feature that it doesn't support, such as:

- Property injection

> - Prior to .NET 8, injection based on name—for more information, see [Keyed services](dependency-injection.md#keyed-services)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Injection based on name (.NET 7 and earlier versions only. For more information, see [Keyed services](dependency-injection.md#keyed-services).)
```
